Update aggregating-index.md (#96)
firebolt-db/godocs: docs/Overview/indexes/aggregating-index.md

* **Automatic synchronization**

>    The aggregating index is automatically updated in real-time to reflect changes in the base table within the same DML transaction which modified base table using **INSERT**, **DELETE** or **UPDATE** operations.

Reviewer: NIT
```suggestion
   The aggregating index is automatically updated in real-time to reflect changes in the base table within the same DML transaction which modified the base table using an **INSERT**, **DELETE** or **UPDATE** operation.
```
